README.md, before:

<!-- PROFILE README — SoClosee/SoClosee — github.com/SoClosee -->

<div align="center">

<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/SoClosee/SoClosee/main/assets/banner.svg" alt="SoClose — Full Stack Developer & Entrepreneur" width="100%">

### 🚀 Full Stack Developer · SaaS Builder · AI Engineer

I build products that automate, scale, and monetize — from concept to production.

**Founder of [@SoCloseSociety](https://github.com/SoCloseSociety)** — Open-source automation tools used by thousands of growth hackers worldwide.

[![Website](https://img.shields.io/badge/soclose.co-000000?style=flat-square&logo=safari&logoColor=white)](https://soclose.co)
[![LinkedIn](https://img.shields.io/badge/LinkedIn-0A66C2?style=flat-square&logo=linkedin&logoColor=white)](https://linkedin.com/company/soclose-agency)
[![Twitter](https://img.shields.io/badge/X-000000?style=flat-square&logo=x&logoColor=white)](https://twitter.com/SoCloseAgency)

</div>

---

### ⚡ What I Do

I design, develop, and deploy **SaaS platforms**, **AI-powered tools**, and **automation systems** across multiple industries — media, fintech, travel, and growth marketing.

Every project follows the same philosophy: **solve a real problem, ship fast, iterate relentlessly.**

---

### 🏗️ Featured Projects

| Project | Description | Stack |
|---------|-------------|-------|
| 🧠 **[MiloAgent](https://github.com/SoCloseSociety/MiloAgent)** | **Milo — Autonomous AI agent** specialized in Reddit growth. Self-learning, evolves his own strategy. Expanding to Twitter/X & Telegram. Zero cost. | Python · LLM (Groq/Gemini) · FastAPI · Docker |
| 🛡️ **[RugscoreBotTG](https://github.com/SoCloseSociety/RugscoreBotTG)** | **RugScore — Solana anti-rug scanner.** 8-criteria scoring, real-time on-chain data, Telegram bot. 100% free. | Python · Telegram · Solana · Docker |
| 🎬 **[SoClip](https://github.com/SoClosee/gen-clip-platform)** | AI-powered SaaS for automated video clipping & subtitle generation | Next.js · Python · FFmpeg · AI/ML |
| 🤖 **[StoryForge](https://github.com/SoClosee/storyforge)** | Autonomous YouTube video generation system — script to upload | Python · TTS · AI Agents · n8n |
| 📊 **[PulseGuard](https://github.com/SoClosee/pulseguard)** | Real-time server monitoring dashboard with alerts | Node.js · WebSocket · React · VPS |

---

### 🧰 Tech Stack

<div align="center">

**Languages**

![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/Python-3776AB?style=flat-square&logo=python&logoColor=white)
![JavaScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/JavaScript-F7DF1E?style=flat-square&logo=javascript&logoColor=black)
![TypeScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/TypeScript-3178C6?style=flat-square&logo=typescript&logoColor=white)
![Pine Script](https://img.shields.io/badge/Pine_Script-2962FF?style=flat-square&logo=tradingview&logoColor=white)

**Frontend & UI**

![React](https://img.shields.io/badge/React-61DAFB?style=flat-square&logo=react&logoColor=black)
![Next.js](https://img.shields.io/badge/Next.js-000000?style=flat-square&logo=next.js&logoColor=white)
![Tailwind CSS](https://img.shields.io/badge/Tailwind-06B6D4?style=flat-square&logo=tailwindcss&logoColor=white)
![Streamlit](https://img.shields.io/badge/Streamlit-FF4B4B?style=flat-square&logo=streamlit&logoColor=white)

**Backend & Infra**

![Node.js](https://img.shields.io/badge/Node.js-339933?style=flat-square&logo=node.js&logoColor=white)
![FastAPI](https://img.shields.io/badge/FastAPI-009688?style=flat-square&logo=fastapi&logoColor=white)
![Docker](https://img.shields.io/badge/Docker-2496ED?style=flat-square&logo=docker&logoColor=white)
![Nginx](https://img.shields.io/badge/Nginx-009639?style=flat-square&logo=nginx&logoColor=white)
![Linux](https://img.shields.io/badge/Linux-FCC624?style=flat-square&logo=linux&logoColor=black)

**AI & Automation**

![OpenAI](https://img.shields.io/badge/OpenAI-412991?style=flat-square&logo=openai&logoColor=white)
![Claude](https://img.shields.io/badge/Claude-D4A574?style=flat-square&logo=anthropic&logoColor=white)
![n8n](https://img.shields.io/badge/n8n-EA4B71?style=flat-square&logo=n8n&logoColor=white)
![Selenium](https://img.shields.io/badge/Selenium-43B02A?style=flat-square&logo=selenium&logoColor=white)
![FFmpeg](https://img.shields.io/badge/FFmpeg-007808?style=flat-square&logo=ffmpeg&logoColor=white)

**Data & Trading**

![TradingView](https://img.shields.io/badge/TradingView-2962FF?style=flat-square&logo=tradingview&logoColor=white)
![PostgreSQL](https://img.shields.io/badge/PostgreSQL-4169E1?style=flat-square&logo=postgresql&logoColor=white)
![MongoDB](https://img.shields.io/badge/MongoDB-47A248?style=flat-square&logo=mongodb&logoColor=white)
![Redis](https://img.shields.io/badge/Redis-DC382D?style=flat-square&logo=redis&logoColor=white)

</div>

---

### 🌐 Ventures

| Venture | What it does |
|---------|-------------|
| 🏢 **[SoClose Society](https://github.com/SoCloseSociety)** | Open-source growth hacking tools — 11 repos, Python + Selenium |
| 🎬 **SoClip** | SaaS for AI-powered video clipping & subtitles |
| 📰 **[PRConfidentiel](https://prconfidentiel.com)** | Premium press placement service for brands |

---

<div align="center">

*Building the future, one commit at a time.*

</div>

Commit message:

fix: add project description to README

README.md, after:

<!-- PROFILE README — SoClosee/SoClosee — github.com/SoClosee -->

<div align="center">

<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/SoClosee/SoClosee/main/assets/banner.svg" alt="SoClose — Full Stack Developer & Entrepreneur" width="100%">

### 🚀 Full Stack Developer · SaaS Builder · AI Engineer

I build products that automate, scale, and monetize — from concept to production.

**Founder of [@SoCloseSociety](https://github.com/SoCloseSociety)** — Open-source automation tools used by thousands of growth hackers worldwide.

[![Website](https://img.shields.io/badge/soclose.co-000000?style=flat-square&logo=safari&logoColor=white)](https://soclose.co)
[![LinkedIn](https://img.shields.io/badge/LinkedIn-0A66C2?style=flat-square&logo=linkedin&logoColor=white)](https://linkedin.com/company/soclose-agency)
[![Twitter](https://img.shields.io/badge/X-000000?style=flat-square&logo=x&logoColor=white)](https://twitter.com/SoCloseAgency)

</div>

---

## Project Description

**SoClosee** is an open-source platform dedicated to providing automation tools and AI-powered solutions for growth hackers, developers, and entrepreneurs. Our mission is to simplify complex tasks, enhance productivity, and drive innovation across various industries such as media, fintech, travel, and growth marketing.

Our projects are designed to solve real-world problems by leveraging cutting-edge technologies like machine learning, artificial intelligence, and automation. Whether you're looking to boost your online presence, streamline your operations, or automate repetitive tasks, SoClosee offers a range of tools that can help you achieve your goals efficiently.

## Who We Are

SoClosee is founded by a team of experienced full-stack developers and AI engineers who are passionate about creating impactful solutions. Our vision is to democratize access to powerful automation tools, making it easier for individuals and businesses to leverage technology for growth and success.

## How You Can Benefit

By using SoClosee's tools, you can:

- **Automate repetitive tasks**: Save time by automating routine activities such as content creation, data analysis, and social media management.
- **Enhance productivity**: Boost your efficiency with AI-powered solutions that learn and adapt to your needs.
- **Scale your operations**: Easily scale your projects without the need for extensive manual effort.

## ⚡ What I Do

I design, develop, and deploy **SaaS platforms**, **AI-powered tools**, and **automation systems** across multiple industries — media, fintech, travel, and growth marketing.

Every project follows the same philosophy: **solve a real problem, ship fast, iterate relentlessly.**

---

## 🏗️ Featured Projects

| Project | Description | Stack |
|---------|-------------|-------|
| 🧠 **[MiloAgent](https://github.com/SoCloseSociety/MiloAgent)** | **Milo — Autonomous AI agent** specialized in Reddit growth. Self-learning, evolves his own strategy. Expanding to Twitter/X & Telegram. Zero cost. | Python · LLM (Groq/Gemini) · FastAPI · Docker |
| 🛡️ **[RugscoreBotTG](https://github.com/SoCloseSociety/RugscoreBotTG)** | **RugScore — Solana anti-rug scanner.** 8-criteria scoring, real-time on-chain data, Telegram bot. 100% free. | Python · Telegram · Solana · Docker |
| 🎬 **[SoClip](https://github.com/SoClosee/gen-clip-platform)** | AI-powered SaaS for automated video clipping & subtitle generation | Next.js · Python · FFmpeg · AI/ML |
| 🤖 **[StoryForge](https://github.com/SoClosee/storyforge)** | Autonomous YouTube video generation system — script to upload | Python · TTS · AI Agents · n8n |
| 📊 **[PulseGuard](https://github.com/SoClosee/pulseguard)** | Real-time server monitoring dashboard with alerts | Node.js · WebSocket · React · VPS |

---

## 🧰 Tech Stack

<div align="center">

**Languages**

![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/Python-3776AB?style=flat-square&logo=python&logoColor=white)
![JavaScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/JavaScript-F7DF1E?style=flat-square&logo=javascript&logoColor=black)
![TypeScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/TypeScript-3178C6?style=flat-square&logo=typescript&logoColor=white)
![Pine Script](https://img.shields.io/badge/Pine_Script-2962FF?style=flat-square&logo=tradingview&logoColor=white)

**Frontend & UI**

![React](https://img.shields.io/badge/React-61DAFB?style=flat-square&logo=react&logoColor=black)
![Next.js](https://img.shields.io/badge/Next.js-000000?style=flat-square&logo=next.js&logoColor=white)
![Tailwind CSS](https://img.shields.io/badge/Tailwind-06B6D4?style=flat-square&logo=tailwindcss&logoColor=white)
![Streamlit](https://img.shields.io/badge/Streamlit-FF4B4B?style=flat-square&logo=streamlit&logoColor=white)

**Backend & Infra**

![Node.js](https://img.shields.io/badge/Node.js-339933?style=flat-square&logo=node.js&logoColor=white)
![FastAPI](https://img.shields.io/badge/FastAPI-009688?style=flat-square&logo=fastapi&logoColor=white)
![Docker](https://img.shields.io/badge/Docker-2496ED?style=flat-square&logo=docker&logoColor=white)
![Nginx](https://img.shields.io/badge/Nginx-009639?style=flat-square&logo=nginx&logoColor=white)
![Linux](https://img.shields.io/badge/Linux-FCC624?style=flat-square&logo=linux&logoColor=black)

**AI & Automation**

![OpenAI](https://img.shields.io/badge/OpenAI-412991?style=flat-square&logo=openai&logoColor=white)
![Claude](https://img.shields.io/badge/Claude-D4A574?style=flat-square&logo=anthropic&logoColor=white)
![n8n](https://img.shields.io/badge/n8n-EA4B71?style=flat-square&logo=n8n&logoColor=white)
![Selenium](https://img.shields.io/badge/Selenium-43B02A?style=flat-square&logo=selenium&logoColor=white)
![FFmpeg](https://img.shields.io/badge/FFmpeg-007808?style=flat-square&logo=ffmpeg&logoColor=white)

**Data & Trading**

![TradingView](https://img.shields.io/badge/TradingView-2962FF?style=flat-square&logo=tradingview&logoColor=white)
![PostgreSQL](https://img.shields.io/badge/PostgreSQL-4169E1?style=flat-square&logo=postgresql&logoColor=white)
![MongoDB](https://img.shields.io/badge/MongoDB-47A248?style=flat-square&logo=mongodb&logoColor=white)
![Redis](https://img.shields.io/badge/Redis-DC382D?style=flat-square&logo=redis&logoColor=white)

</div>

---

## 🌐 Ventures

| Venture | What it does |
|---------|-------------|
| 🏢 **[SoClose Society](https://github.com/SoCloseSociety)** | Open-source growth hacking tools — 11 repos, Python + Selenium |
| 🎬 **SoClip** | SaaS for AI-powered video clipping & subtitles |
| 📰 **[PRConfidentiel](https://prconfidentiel.com)** | Premium press placement service for brands |

---

<div align="center">

*Building the future, one commit at a time.*

</div>
